a script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output a script that displays a confused smiley a script that Display the content of the /etc/passwd file. a script that Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts a script that Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd Script to Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd a script that displays the third line of the file iacta. a shell script that creates a file a script that writes into the file a script that duplicates the last line of the file iacta a script that deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders. a script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory. a script that displays the 10 newest files in the current directory. a script that takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once. Display lines containing the pattern “root” from the file /etc/passwd Scripts that Display the number of lines that contain the pattern “bin” in the file /etc/passwd A script that Display lines containing the pattern “root” and 3 lines after them in the file /etc/passwd. a script that Display all the lines in the file /etc/passwd that do not contain the pattern “bin” A script that Display all lines of the file /etc/ssh/sshd_config starting with a letter. A script that Replace all characters A and c from input to Z and e respectively. a script that removes all letters c and C from input a script that reverse its input. a script that displays all users and their home directories, sorted by users. a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. a script that lists all the files with a .gif extension in the current directory and all its sub-directories. a script that decodes acrostics that use the first letter of each line. a script that parses web servers logs in TSV format as input and displays the 11 hosts or IP addresses which did the most requests.
